# System Goal and Scope
This project will generate the base for thesis works as well as internship projects. These projects will be designed to further develop the platform and in turn create new projects. These projects will also generate new educations relevant to the area.

The technical scope of this project will be ever-changing depending on current market, internal resources and new technology within the automotive industry. It will include, but not limited to, development in areas such as: electrical hardware, mechanical hardware, software, AI, machine learning, PCB design, battery, telematics, embedded systems, electromobility, apps and UX design.
The end goal is to have a autonomous Gokart, be it in a controlled test environment and Gokart scaled, that furthers development and research in the autonomus veachle idustry.
When the gokart platform reaches a stable state, external research entities could use the platform to test and verify their ideas.

The project is limited by size of the Gokart and the speed of the motor (24km/h). The size will impact the overarching HW choice of the platform and thereby the software. Even if the systems will be built with a real car and the SPA platform in mind, deviations from a real car system will be apparent. Also, reliability and quality will differ as many of the projects run on the platform will be first implementations. 
The development process will also be limited by what test cases can be made as the speed and the built up environments are restricted as the Gokart not road worthy. Testing of the framework will be done in office or in a controlled environment, a Gokart track as example, to simulate real life situations. 
Restraints caused by the Gokart and Ninebot S SW/HW, such as limited control over individual funtions and lacking documentation regarding the internal mechanisms.

The Education platform shall be used to educate staff, and as a second step external customers, in the different techniques that are included in Infotiv's competence areas. The product shall be in form of a small vehicle which shall have the possibility of scalability. Developing an autonomous driving platform that is closer to a real car opens a multitude of developing opportunities as well as increasing the value of the existing project. The research and development done on the new Gokart will face more similar issues as the industry is facing.